abannation; Alt. of Abannition
abiogeny; Same as Abiogenesis.
aboding; A foreboding.
abradant; A material used for grinding, as emery, sand, powdered glass, etc.
acanthopterous; Acanthopterygious.
accelerated; of Accelerate
acclimated; of Acclimate
acclimating; of Acclimate
accumulation; The concurrence of several titles to the same proof.
acidifying; of Acidify
aciurgy; Operative surgery.
acquirable; Capable of being acquired.
acquisition; The act or process of acquiring.
acted; of Act
actuated; of Actuate
adarce; A saltish concretion on reeds and grass in marshy grounds in Galatia. It is soft and porous, and was formerly used for cleansing the skin from freckles and tetters, and also in leprosy.
addle-headed; Alt. of Addle-pated
adjudicating; of Adjudicate
adjutant; A regimental staff officer, who assists the colonel, or commanding officer of a garrison or regiment, in the details of regimental and garrison duty.
admonitive; Admonitory.
adorn; Adornment.
adsignification; Additional signification.
aesthetics; Alt. of Esthetics
affiancing; of Affiance
afflatus; A breath or blast of wind.
agate; A semipellucid, uncrystallized variety of quartz, presenting various tints in the same specimen. Its colors are delicately arranged in stripes or bands, or blended in clouds.
aggressed; of Aggress
agronomic; Alt. of Agronomical
airward; Alt. of Airwards
alarm; A summons to arms, as on the approach of an enemy.
alaternus; An ornamental evergreen shrub (Rhamnus alaternus) belonging to the buckthorns.
albinotic; Affected with albinism.
algerian; A native of Algeria.
alienism; The study or treatment of diseases of the mind.
alkalamide; One of a series of compounds that may be regarded as ammonia in which a part of the hydrogen has been replaced by basic, and another part by acid, atoms or radicals.
almightful; Alt. of Almightiful
almner; An almoner.
alouatte; One of the several species of howling monkeys of South America. See Howler, 2.
alternate; A proportion derived from another proportion by interchanging the means.
aluminated; Combined with alumina.
amalgamated; of Amalgamate
amatorially; In an amatorial manner.
amazedness; The state of being amazed, or confounded with fear, surprise, or wonder.
baboo; Alt. of Babu
backwoodsmen; of Backwoodsman
caffetannic; Pertaining to, or derived from, the tannin of coffee.
cage; The catcher's wire mask.
caged; of Cage
caging; of Cage
calcimining; of Calcimine
calcography; The art of drawing with chalk.
earldorman; Alderman.
eased; of Ease
ebonizing; of Ebonize
eclegm; A medicine made by mixing oils with sirups.
fabling; of Fable
fair-haired; Having fair or light-colored hair.
falcade; The action of a horse, when he throws himself on his haunches two or three times, bending himself, as it were, in very quick curvets.
falsified; of Falsify
fanal; A lighthouse, or the apparatus placed in it for giving light.
farthest; At or to the greatest distance. See Furthest.
fascial; Relating to a fascia.
feasibilities; of Feasibility
federal; See Federalist.
feint; To make a feint, or mock attack.
felucca; A small, swift-sailing vessel, propelled by oars and lateen sails, -- once common in the Mediterranean.
femalize; To make, or to describe as, female or feminine.
ferret; The iron used for trying the melted glass to see if is fit to work, and for shaping the rings at the mouths of bottles.
festooning; of Festoon
feticism; See Fetichism.
feuterer; A dog keeper.
fiat; An authority for certain proceedings given by the Lord Chancellor's signature.
fifteen; A symbol representing fifteen units, as 15, or xv.
fil; imp. of Fall, v. i. Fell.
financially; In a dfinancial manner.
finnikin; A variety of pigeon, with a crest somewhat resembling the mane of a horse.
flabellation; The act of keeping fractured limbs cool by the use of a fan or some other contrivance.
flagworm; A worm or grub found among flags and sedge.
flashes; of Flash
fleet-foot; Swift of foot.
flighter; A horizontal vane revolving over the surface of wort in a cooler, to produce a circular current in the liquor.
flocculate; Furnished with tufts of curly hairs, as some insects.
flocculation; The process by which small particles of fine soils and sediments aggregate into larger lumps.
flooring; Material for the construction of a floor or floors.
floriken; An Indian bustard (Otis aurita). The Bengal floriken is Sypheotides Bengalensis.
flote; A wave.
fluocerite; A fluoride of cerium, occuring near Fahlun in Sweden. Tynosite, from Colorado, is probably the same mineral.
fluxionist; One skilled in fluxions.
fly-catching; Having the habit of catching insects on the wing.
flying; of Fly
folium; A leaf, esp. a thin leaf or plate.
fooled; of Fool
foot; To renew the foot of, as of stocking.
foregoing; of Forego
forehew; To hew or cut in front.
foremother; A female ancestor.
forethoughtful; Having forethought.
forewarned; of Forewarn
forisfamiliate; To renounce a legal title to a further share of paternal inheritance.
forlorn; A lost, forsaken, or solitary person.
forties; of Forty
fossoria; See Fossores.
found; A thin, single-cut file for combmakers.
fouty; Despicable.
fowlerite; A variety of rhodonite, from Franklin Furnace, New Jersey, containing some zinc.
fractionate; To separate into different portions or fractions, as in the distillation of liquids.
frambaesia; The yaws. See Yaws.
frowning; of Frown
frumentaceous; Made of, or resembling, wheat or other grain.
fugue; A polyphonic composition, developed from a given theme or themes, according to strict contrapuntal rules. The theme is first given out by one voice or part, and then, while that pursues its way, it is repeated by another at the interval of a fifth or fourth, and so on, until all the parts have answered one by one, continuing their several melodies and interweaving them in one complex progressive whole, in which the theme is often lost and reappears.
fulmar; One of several species of sea birds, of the family procellariidae, allied to the albatrosses and petrels. Among the well-known species are the arctic fulmar (Fulmarus glacialis) (called also fulmar petrel, malduck, and mollemock), and the giant fulmar (Ossifraga gigantea).
fumette; The stench or high flavor of game or other meat when kept long.
furrowing; of Furrow
gabert; A lighter, or vessel for inland navigation.
gaffed; of Gaff
galacta-gogue; An agent exciting secretion of milk.
gallein; A red crystalline dyestuff, obtained by heating together pyrogallic and phthalic acids.
gallic; Pertaining to, or derived from, galls, nutgalls, and the like.
galvanoplasty; The art or process of electrotypy.
gambeson; Same as Gambison.
gambling; of Gamble
gape; The width of the mouth when opened, as of birds, fishes, etc.
gargil; A distemper in geese, affecting the head.
garland; To deck with a garland.
garnered; of Garner
gasolene; See Gasoline.
gastrodisc; That part of blastoderm where the hypoblast appears like a small disk on the inner face of the epibladst.
ged; Alt. of Gedd
gemel; One of the barrulets placed parallel and closed to each other.  Cf. Bars gemel, under Gemel, a.
gemmipara; Alt. of Gemmipares
genealogize; To investigate, or relate the history of, descents.
generatrices; of Generatrix
geniculated; Same as Geniculate.
geognosy; That part of geology which treats of the materials of the earth's structure, and its general exterior and interior constitution.
gerlind; A salmon returning from the sea the second time.
germain; See Germane.
gila monster; A large tuberculated lizard (Heloderma suspectum) native of the dry plains of Arizona, New Mexico, etc. It is the only lizard known to have venomous teeth.
gladstone; A four-wheeled pleasure carriage with two inside seats, calash top, and seats for driver and footman.
gmelinite; A rhombohedral zeolitic mineral, related in form and composition to chabazite.
golfer; One who plays golf.
gonocalyx; The bell of a sessile gonozooid.
good-by; Alt. of Good-bye
gossib; A gossip.
gowan; Decomposed granite.
gradino; A step or raised shelf, as above a sideboard or altar.  Cf. Superaltar, and Gradin.
grafted; of Graft
grane; See Groan.
grass tree; A similar Australian plant (Kingia australis).
gratifier; One who gratifies or pleases.
gratuity; Something voluntarily given in return for a favor or service, as a recompense or acknowledgment.
gravely; In a grave manner.
greillade; Iron ore in coarse powder, prepared for reduction by the Catalan process.
gry; Anything very small, or of little value.
guggle; See Gurgle.
guttifer; A plant that exudes gum or resin.
gynoecium; The pistils of a flower, taken collectively. See Illust. of Carpophore.
haemachrome; Hematin.
haematinometer; Same as Hematinometer.
haematoid; Same as Hematoid.
haematophlina; A division of Cheiroptera, including the bloodsucking bats. See Vampire.
haemodynameter; Same as Hemadynamics.
haemoglobin; Same as Hemoglobin.
halesia; A genus of American shrubs containing several species, called snowdrop trees, or silver-bell trees. They have showy, white flowers, drooping on slender pedicels.
halve; To join, as two pieces of timber, by cutting away each for half its thickness at the joining place, and fitting together.
halved; of Halve
halves; pl. of Half.
hamiform; Hook-shaped.
handcloth; A handkerchief.
handi-craftsman; A man skilled or employed in handcraft.
handicapping; of Handicap
harrower; One who harries.
hastened; of Hasten
hasty; Proceeding from, or indicating, a quick temper.
haustellate; One of the Haustellata.
haversack; A gunner's case or bag used carry cartridges from the ammunition chest to the piece in loading.
hay-cutter; A machine in which hay is chopped short, as fodder for cattle.
hazard; To venture to incur, or bring on.
headstone; The stone at the head of a grave.
hebdomadary; A member of a chapter or convent, whose week it is to officiate in the choir, and perform other services, which, on extraordinary occasions, are performed by the superiors.
heightened; of Heighten
hemelytra; of Hemelytrum
hemelytrum; One of the partially thickened anterior wings of certain insects, as of many Hemiptera, the earwigs, etc.
hemerobid; Of relating to the hemerobians.
hemipteral; Alt. of Hemipterous
hemorrhage; Any discharge of blood from the blood vessels.
hendecagon; A plane figure of eleven sides and eleven angles.
henpecking; of Henpeck
herb-women; of Herb-woman
herpetologist; One versed in herpetology, or the natural history of reptiles.
hesitating; of Hesitate
heterochrony; In evolution, a deviation from the typical sequence in the formation of organs or parts.
heterosis; A figure of speech by which one form of a noun, verb, or pronoun, and the like, is used for another, as in the sentence: ""What is life to such as me?""
hexagynia; A Linnaean order of plants having six pistils.
hill; The earth raised about the roots of a plant or cluster of plants. [U. S.] See Hill, v. t.
hissed; of Hiss
historionomer; One versed in the phenomena of history and the laws controlling them.
hoa; Stop! stand still! hold! -- a word now used by teamsters, but formerly to order the cessation of anything.
hoarsened; of Hoarsen
hogging; of Hog
hoisted; of Hoist
homeopathically; According to the practice of homeopathy.
homogony; The condition of having homogonous flowers.
homopolic; In promorphology, pertaining to or exhibiting that kind of organic form, in which the stereometric ground form is a pyramid, with similar poles. See Promorphology.
hoo; Hurrah! -- an exclamation of triumphant joy.
hoodman; The person blindfolded in the game called hoodman-blind.
hoodoo; One who causes bad luck.
hooke's joint; A universal joint. See under Universal.
hornel; The European sand eel.
horridly; In a horrid manner.
houghed; of Hough
houtou; A beautiful South American motmot.
hoveringly; In a hovering manner.
hubner; A mineral of brownish black color, occurring in columnar or foliated masses. It is native manganese tungstate.
humbles; Entrails of a deer.
humoring; of Humor
huron-iroquous; A linguistic group of warlike North American Indians, belonging to the same stock as the Algonquins, and including several tribes, among which were the Five Nations. They formerly occupied the region about Lakes Erie and Ontario, and the larger part of New York.
hutch; To wash (ore) in a box or jig.
hydrobromate; Same as Hydrobromide.
hydrometeorological; Of or pertaining to hydrometeorology, or to rain, clouds, storms, etc.
hydrometeorology; That branch of meteorology which relates to, or treats of, water in the atmosphere, or its phenomena, as rain, clouds, snow, hail, storms, etc.
hye; See Hie.
hyperapophysis; A lateral and backward-projecting process on the dorsal side of a vertebra.
hypercritical; Excessively nice or exact.
hyperthyrion; That part of the architrave which is over a door or window.
hypnosis; Supervention of sleep.
hypogea; of Hypogeum
hypothecator; One who hypothecates or pledges anything as security for the repayment of money borrowed.
hyrcanian; Alt. of Hyrcan
hyson; A fragrant kind of green tea.
iambuses; of Iambus
jacobitism; The principles of the Jacobites.
japanner; A bootblack.
jashawk; A young hawk.
jet d'eau; A stream of water spouting from a fountain or pipe (especially from one arranged to throw water upward), in a public place or in a garden, for ornament.
jewelweed; See Impatiens.
jibed; of Jibe
joist; To fit or furnish with joists.
juga; of Jugum
juglandin; An extractive matter contained in the juice of the green shucks of the walnut (Juglans regia). It is used medicinally as an alterative, and also as a black hair dye.
juries; of Jury
justification; The act of justifying, or the state of being justified, in respect to God's requirements.
kadi; Alt. of Kadiaster
kadiaster; A Turkish judge. See Cadi.
kairine; A pale buff or white crystalline alkaloid derived from quinoline, and used as an antipyretic in medicine.
kelpies; of Kelpy
keratitis; Inflammation of the cornea.
kerl; See Carl.
kestrel; A small, slender European hawk (Falco alaudarius), allied to the sparrow hawk. Its color is reddish fawn, streaked and spotted with white and black. Also called windhover and stannel. The name is also applied to other allied species.
labefy; To weaken or impair.
labor; To form or fabricate with toil, exertion, or care.
lactose; See Galactose.
ladling; of Ladle
lady's comb; An umbelliferous plant (Scandix Pecten-Veneris), its clusters of long slender fruits remotely resembling a comb.
laming; of Lame
lamp-post; A post (generally a pillar of iron) supporting a lamp or lantern for lighting a street, park, etc.
lampers; See Lampas.
lanary; A place for storing wool.
lancely; Like a lance.
landed; Having an estate in land.
landgraviate; The office, jurisdiction, or authority of a landgrave.
lankness; The state or quality of being lank.
lap; The sound of lapping.
larding; of Lard
latitude; The angular distance of a heavenly body from the ecliptic.
lauric; Pertaining to, or derived from, the European bay or laurel (Laurus nobilis).
lavatory; A place where gold is obtained by washing.
laved; of Lave
lavishness; The quality or state of being lavish.
leased; of Lease
lecama; The hartbeest.
leep; Leaped.
legement; See Ledgment.
leperize; To affect with leprosy.
lethe; A river of Hades whose waters when drunk caused forgetfulness of the past.
lettuce; A composite plant of the genus Lactuca (L. sativa), the leaves of which are used as salad. Plants of this genus yield a milky juice, from which lactucarium is obtained. The commonest wild lettuce of the United States is L. Canadensis.
levelness; The state or quality of being level.
leverwood; The American hop hornbeam (Ostrya Virginica), a small tree with very tough wood.
lick-spittle; An abject flatterer or parasite.
machicoulis; Same as Machicolation.
machine; Supernatural agency in a poem, or a superhuman being introduced to perform some exploit.
macrame lace; A coarse lace made of twine, used especially in decorating furniture.
macrosporic; Of or pertaining to macrospores.
nagged; of Nag
namable; Capable of being named.
naperies; of Napery
napier's bones; Alt. of Napier's rods
narcotinic; Pertaining to narcotine.
narrowness; The condition or quality of being narrow.
nasalized; of Nasalize
nassas; of Nassa
nasturtion; Same as Nasturtium.
nation; One of the four divisions (named from the parts of Scotland) in which students were classified according to their nativity.
nationality; The state or quality of belonging to or being connected with a nation or government by nativity, character, ownership, allegiance, etc.
nectostem; That portion of the axis which bears the nectocalyces in the Siphonophora.
negotiated; of Negotiate
neighbored; of neighbor
neoteric; Alt. of Neoterical
nervose; Same as Nerved.
neuropteran; A neuropter.
neurotomist; One who skilled in or practices neurotomy.
nibbing; of Nib
niceties; of Nicety
niggardship; Niggardliness.
night-faring; Going or traveling in the night.
nightshade; A common name of many species of the genus Solanum, given esp. to the Solanum nigrum, or black nightshade, a low, branching weed with small white flowers and black berries reputed to be poisonous.
nigraniline; The complex, nitrogenous, organic base and dyestuff called also aniline black.
nitroform; A nitro derivative of methane, analogous to chloroform, obtained as a colorless oily or crystalline substance, CH.(NO2)3, quite explosive, and having well-defined acid properties.
nobodies; of Nobody
nomadism; The state of being a nomad.
noncomplying; Neglecting or refusing to comply.
nondevelopment; Failure or lack of development.
nonjoinder; The omission of some person who ought to have been made a plaintiff or defendant in a suit, or of some cause of action which ought to be joined.
normal; A straight line or plane drawn from any point of a curve or surface so as to be perpendicular to the curve or surface at that point.
notable; One of a number of persons, before the revolution of 1789, chiefly of the higher orders, appointed by the king to constitute a representative body.
notionist; One whose opinions are ungrounded notions.
novation; Innovation.
nullifying; of Nullify
nyseys; of Nisey
obduction; The act of drawing or laying over, as a covering.
packing; Same as Filling.
pagina; The surface of a leaf or of a flattened thallus.
paguma; Any one of several species of East Indian viverrine mammals of the genus Paguma. They resemble a weasel in form.
painsworthy; Worth the pains or care bestowed.
palisado; To palisade.
palling; of Pall
palmin; Ricinolein.
ragabrash; An idle, ragged person.
rais; Same as 2d Reis.
randon; To go or stray at random.
ransack; To make a thorough search.
rare; Early.
rater; One who rates or scolds.
reasonableness; Quality of being reasonable.
reata; A lariat.
receptary; That which is received.
receptibility; A receptible thing.
recommence; To commence again or anew.
rede; To advise or counsel.
redingote; A long plain double-breasted outside coat for women.
redressive; Tending to redress.
reflection; The transference of an excitement from one nerve fiber to another by means of the nerve cells, as in reflex action. See Reflex action, under Reflex.
refractable; Capable of being refracted.
refunder; One who refunds.
regattas; of Regatta
regressing; of Regress
reinsert; To insert again.
reinstallment; A renewed installment.
release; The act of opening the exhaust port to allow the steam to escape.
relocate; To locate again.
relove; To love in return.
removed; Dismissed from office.
renitence; Alt. of Renitency
renneting; Same as 1st Rennet.
renowme; Renown.
reordination; A second ordination.
rep-silver; Money anciently paid by servile tenants to their lord, in lieu of the customary service of reaping his corn or grain.
repacify; To pacify again.
repeller; One who, or that which, repels.
repriefe; Repreve.
reputing; of Repute
reshape; To shape again.
reshipper; One who reships.
resting; of Rest
restringed; of Restringe
restrive; To strive anew.
retinulate; Having, or characterized by, retinul/.
retrocopulation; Copulation from behind.
retromingency; The quality or state of being retromingent.
reviving; of Revive
revolutioniezed; of Revolutionize
rhabdoidal; See Sagittal.
rhapsodic; Alt. of Rhapsodic
rhinolith; A concretion formed within the cavities of the nose.
rhinoscopic; Of or pertaining to rhinoscopy.
rhodizonic; Pertaining to, or designating, a colorless crystalline substance (called rhodizonic acid, and carboxylic acid) obtained from potassium carboxide and from certain quinones. It forms brilliant red, yellow, and purple salts.
rhodopsin; The visual purple. See under Visual.
ribaudy; Ribaldry.
ribbed; of Rib
ribbon; A silver.
ripe; Intoxicated.
riprapping; of Riprap
roasting; of Roast
rocambole; A name of Allium Scorodoprasum and A. Ascalonium, two kinds of garlic, the latter of which is also called shallot.
rock; The striped bass. See under Bass.
rocklay; See Rokelay.
rockwork; A rockery.
rope's-end; To punish with a rope's end.
ropery; A place where ropes are made.
rosemaloes; The liquid storax of the East Indian Liquidambar orientalis.
roughen; To grow or become rough.
rubefaction; The act or process of making red.
rubies; of Ruby
rudderless; Without a rudder.
rudish; Somewhat rude.
ruffianlike; Ruffianly.
runt; A variety of domestic pigeon, related to the barb and carrier.
rupee; A silver coin, and money of account, in the East Indies.
rustle; To make a quick succession of small sounds, like the rubbing or moving of silk cloth or dry leaves.
ryder; A gold coin of Zealand [Netherlands] equal to 14 florins, about $ 5.60.
sabaeanism; Same as Sabianism.
sacking; Stout, coarse cloth of which sacks, bags, etc., are made.
sacrificer; One who sacrifices.
sadder; Same as Sadda.
saddlery; The trade or employment of a saddler.
sage; The sagebrush.
sagination; The act of fattening or pampering.
salometer; See Salimeter.
salpingitis; Inflammation of the salpinx.
saltbush; An Australian plant (Atriplex nummularia) of the Goosefoot family.
samboo; Same as Sambur.
sandal; An overshoe with parallel openings across the instep.
sanicle; Any plant of the umbelliferous genus Sanicula, reputed to have healing powers.
sank; imp. of Sink.
sardine; See Sardius.
satyr; The orang-outang.
saxon; Of or pertaining to Saxony or its inhabitants.
saxonist; One versed in the Saxon language.
saynd; p. p. of Senge, to singe.
scab; A mean, dirty, paltry fellow.
scabrousness; The quality of being scabrous.
scaraboid; A scaraboid beetle.
sceptical; Alt. of Scepticism
scholiaze; To write scholia.
schoolward; Toward school.
schwenkfelder; Alt. of Schwenkfeldian
sciamachy; See Sciomachy.
sclerotic; Pertaining to, or designating, an acid obtained from ergot or the sclerotium of a fungus growing on rye.
scopeline; Scopeloid.
scops owl; Any one of numerous species of small owls of the genus Scops having ear tufts like those of the horned owls, especially the European scops owl (Scops giu), and the American screech owl (S. asio).
scorer; One who, or that which, scores.
scotoma; Scotomy.
scrabbed eggs; A Lenten dish, composed of eggs boiled hard, chopped, and seasoned with butter, salt, and pepper.
scratchbrush; A stiff wire brush for cleaning iron castings and other metal.
scringing; of Scrine
scrutable; Discoverable by scrutiny, inquiry, or critical examination.
scuffling; of Scuffle
sea perch; The name is applied also to other species of fishes.
sea-orb; A globefish.
sealer; A mariner or a vessel engaged in the business of capturing seals.
tainted; of Taint
talc; A soft mineral of a soapy feel and a greenish, whitish, or grayish color, usually occurring in foliated masses. It is hydrous silicate of magnesia. Steatite, or soapstone, is a compact granular variety.
uchees; A tribe of North American Indians belonging to the Creek confederation.
ulcerated; of Ulcerate
ultimata; of Ultimatum
ultimate; To come or bring into use or practice.
unaquit; Unrequited.
unbend; To cast loose or untie, as a rope.
unbidden; Being without a prayer.
uncinatum; The unciform bone.
unconformist; A nonconformist.
underagent; A subordinate agent.
underpinning; The foundation, esp. of a frame house.
unduke; To deprive of dukedom.
ungueal; Ungual.
ungulate; Furnished with hoofs. See the Note under Nail, n., 1.
unketh; Uncouth.
unnapped; Finished without a nap.
unparented; Having no parent, or no acknowledged parent.
unpitied; Not pitied.
unpray; To revoke or annul by prayer, as something previously prayed for.
unreason; To undo, disprove, or refute by reasoning.
uranometria; A uranometry.
uropod; Any one of the abdominal appendages of a crustacean, especially one of the posterior ones, which are often larger than the rest, and different in structure, and are used chiefly in locomotion. See Illust. of Crustacea, and Stomapoda.
urva; The crab-eating ichneumon (Herpestes urva), native of India. The fur is black, annulated with white at the tip of each hair, and a white streak extends from the mouth to the shoulder.
usurarious; Alt. of Usurary
utilitarian; One who holds the doctrine of utilitarianism.
vaccinating; of Vaccinate
valvulae; of Valvula
vegetarianism; The theory or practice of living upon vegetables and fruits.
vein; A fissure, cleft, or cavity, as in the earth or other substance.
vellumy; Resembling vellum.
vend; The total sales of coal from a colliery.
veneracea; An extensive tribe of bivalve mollusks of which the genus Venus is the type. The shells are usually oval, or somewhat heartshaped, with a conspicuous lunule.  See Venus.
vented; of Vent
verderor; An officer who has the charge of the king's forest, to preserve the vert and venison, keep the assizes, view, receive, and enroll attachments and presentments of all manner of trespasses.
vers; A verse or verses.  See Verse.
versor; The turning factor of a quaternion.
vetturino; A vettura.
wafered; of Wafer
wakening; The revival of an action.
walked; of Walk
walrus; A very large marine mammal (Trichecus rosmarus) of the Seal family, native of the Arctic Ocean. The male has long and powerful tusks descending from the upper jaw. It uses these in procuring food and in fighting.  It is hunted for its oil, ivory, and skin. It feeds largely on mollusks. Called also morse.
wanion; A word of uncertain signification, used only in the phrase with a wanion, apparently equivalent to with a vengeance, with a plague, or with misfortune.
ward-corn; The duty of keeping watch and ward (see the Note under Watch, n., 1) with a horn to be blown upon any occasion of surprise.
washen; p. p. of Wash.
water brash; See under Brash.
water meter; A contrivance for measuring a supply of water delivered or received for any purpose, as from a street main.
waterproofing; Same as Waterproof, n., 1.
y-; A prefix of obscure meaning, originally used with verbs, adverbs, adjectives, nouns, and pronouns. In the Middle English period, it was little employed except with verbs, being chiefly used with past participles, though occasionally with the infinitive Ycleped, or yclept, is perhaps the only word not entirely obsolete which shows this use.
yacare; A South American crocodilian (Jacare sclerops) resembling the alligator in size and habits. The eye orbits are connected together, and surrounded by prominent bony ridges. Called also spectacled alligator, and spectacled cayman.
yellowroot; Same as Orangeroot.
yieldable; Disposed to yield or comply.
yumas; A tribe of Indians native of Arizona and the adjacent parts of Mexico and California. They are agricultural, and cultivate corn, wheat, barley, melons, etc.
zante; See Zantewood.
zaptiah; A Turkish policeman.
zedoary; A medicinal substance obtained in the East Indies, having a fragrant smell, and a warm, bitter, aromatic taste. It is used in medicine as a stimulant.