Business: Rent-a-Chicken

Address: 5500 44th St SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49512
Phone: (616) 233-1234
Email: hens@rent-a-chicken.com
Website: http://rent-a-chicken.com
Social Media:
	
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/rentachickenTM
	
Twitter: http://twitter.com/RentAChicken



About:
We get it: you like the idea of raising your own food, but you have NO idea how to do it or if you’ll be good at it.

Rent-a-Chicken gives you the instant gratification you desire – an urban farming experience with the reward of fresh eggs 
produced specifically for you.

 Simply contact Rent-a-Chicken to make arrangements for two hens, and a coop outfitted with
all the essentials to be delivered right to your backyard. 

This totally unique approach to urban farming allows you to skip 
the hassle of raising baby chicks, instead proceeding to fully developed, egg producing hens delivered right to your door. 
For a small fee, Rent-a-Chicken will set you up with everything you need for your backyard chicken coop. 

As an added bonus, 
Rent-a-Chicken will even tag and house your chicken over the winter, ensuring a joyful spring reunion.



Products:

Hens
 	Price $125 per 6 months
	In stock 63
	
An adult egg-laying hen. Lays one egg per day nearly every day. Hens prefer company, so we suggest renting at least two hens.

Coop with Two Hens
	Price $350 per 6 months
	In stock 27
	
We will deliver and set up your coop with two adult egg-laying hens. The coop and hens are included in the price. 
The coop holds up to eight hens comfortably if you want to increase your egg output.

Feed
	Price $10
	In stock 50
	
We dry and prepare our own feed. Each ten dollar bag is a month's worth of food for an average hen.
	


Orders: 
We have franchises to deliver and set up coops in seven states: Arizona, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Kansas,
Michigan, and South Carolina.



Web Design:
Colors: White with tan or yellow and green.
3 
Favorite Web Designs:
	
http://deere.com - I like how clean it looks and the yellow/green works well
	
http://packers.com - This is actually where we got the yellow/green colors from
	
http://robinettes.com - Colors are too red, but I like having the information right at the top
